Now in the previous few lessons we were talking about user scenarios user stories.
What are the user needs.
What the what is the context they have used and they are while.
Were using our product or our e-commerce store or anything and mobile app.
Now is the time we are going into the interaction how the interaction between the user and the system
is going to happen.
What will be the actions what will be the events that are going to trigger them.
What will be the system behavior.
So this is actually basically a software requirement gathering tool use guest diagram.
And when I was in college I used to love creating them and at that time it was related to databases
and things like that.
But right now we use them in a simpler way in user expense design now in any Use Case Diagram.
There are two things in case of my fraud plan.
You can see we have actors that are going to you know be action performers because it is about action
and reaction of the system or action of the user and reaction of the system.
So action is going to be a to actor.
So actors could be our customer or our shopper.
Then our delivery department website administration help line girl or helpline guy whoever they have
they are stock but she is a manager.
It could be third party managers stock management party or things like that.
Then we have the events or actions.
So this is actually the whole Use Case Diagram relation.
So if we are showing a Use Case Diagram of logging then it will only cover the logging interaction between
the actor and the system.
If we are looking at checkout process for a new user then it will be just the checkout process.
The whole process and how the act of what are different things.
A user can do.
What are the different functions.
A user can perform on your system and what will be the system doing after they click or perform that
action.
Then it could be also calling the help line.
So I'm going to show you and share with you my example of Use Case Diagram.
I build for one process or action or event.
So let's see that now you can see this is a simple Use Case Diagram for Busy Moms ordering using WhatsApp
so you can see we want to be very specific what is actually the action or the process which is happening
and the whole Use Case Diagram is about.
So this is very very important.
So you can see on the left side we have users on the right side.
We have another actor on the left.
We have busy mom.
This is an actor.
Let's zoom in a little bit.
Okay.
So we have busy mom actor on the left then and the process all the functions they can perform within
the system you can see this dotted line all around is a system boundary you can see here I have written
system boundary and this is actually what she can do.
She is going to view deals or browse products then she will add to the cards so they are in a sequence
from top to bottom you can see then we have checkout with WhatsApp calls or send messages via WhatsApp.
So she is actually messaging and this message will be received by this help line guy.
You can see how he's also act and you can see interacting with the same process.
So she after she messages he is going to ask for dress product ideas what are the product ideas related
to your the dresses in your card okay so next.
This guy is actually going to create an order audio or update stalk with whatever she has chosen because
she is not using this system to order.
She has just a field card and she is not checking out.
So all the stocks will be the same.
They will not affect.
So he has to create some dummy account or things like that to create a record of that in that order
and generate an order i.e. OK so you can see here is his processes.
Now this is only related to this actor.
So it has nothing to do with our busy mom.
So then you can see at the end Senate order no amount estimated delivery time.
These three things he is going to send the order confirmation.
S M S on mobile after he will generate that order as Smith will be automatically generated.
And here you can see she receives as a mess on the mobile.
This is going back to busy mom.
So this is our system boundary.
This is very simple Use Case Diagram.
It actually shows what is the interaction of the system and how the user is actually going to interact
with the system what functions they can use how and which sequence they are going to use it.
What will be the inputs and outputs like you can see what will be the asked and what she will be sending
into the system.
What he will be asking for the system or the user to send these things Okay so these are this is very
simple very simple use guest diagram.
You can find a lot of different examples online but this is actually what we will be using simply in
our user expense diagram.
The you use case diagram which we use in software development with databases and things like that.
That is a bit different but this one is what you can use.
Okay so I'm giving you all these into a PDA format.
Don't forget to download it and see and try to build upon it.
I hope you have enjoyed this lesson.
Let's move on to the next lesson.